DEP: Deprecate setting the strides attribute of a numpy array (#28925)
numpy/numpy: doc/release/upcoming_changes/28925.deprecation.rst

Setting the ``strides`` attribute is deprecated
-----------------------------------------------
Setting the strides attribute is now deprecated since mutating
an array is unsafe if an array is shared, especially by multiple
threads.  As an alternative, you can create a new view (no copy) via:
* `np.lib.stride_tricks.strided_window_view` if applicable,
* `np.lib.stride_tricks.as_strided` for the general case,

> * or the `np.ndarray` constructor (``buffer`` is the original array) for a light-weight version.

Author: I do not understand this one. Can it be clarified?

Reviewer: `np.ndarray` is an oddly low-level function, but I suspect you can replace most (all?) calls with it:
```
In [8]: arr = np.arange(10)

In [9]: np.ndarray(arr.shape, arr.dtype, arr, strides=8)
Out[9]: array([0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9])
```
(Change `strides`/`shape` to something else...)

> Manually setting strides can be useful but needs to be done with care as it can lead to unsafe memory use.

Author: Updated the text: we mean setting the strides on a numpy array directly.

> * Setting the ``strides`` attribute on a NumPy array has been deprecated. See ``np.lib.stride_tricks.strided_window_view`` and ``np.lib.stride_tricks.as_strided`` as an alternative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting the ``strides`` attribute is deprecated
-----------------------------------------------
Setting the strides attribute is now deprecated since mutating
an array is unsafe if an array is shared, especially by multiple
threads.  As an alternative, you can create a new view (no copy) via:
* `np.lib.stride_tricks.strided_window_view` if applicable,
* `np.lib.stride_tricks.as_strided` for the general case,
* or the `np.ndarray` constructor (``buffer`` is the original array) for a light-weight version.

Manually setting strides can be useful but needs to be done with care as it can lead to unsafe memory use.
```
(I think we guard against most unsafe memory use but seems fine to warn.)

Thought expanding a bit may be nice, but maybe it's too long now :).  I did (somehow) just realize that using the `np.ndarray` constructor is actually a decent work-around probably, a bit more magic but probably far more light-weight.

* Setting the ``strides`` attribute on a NumPy array has been deprecated. See ``np.lib.stride_tricks.strided_window_view`` and ``np.lib.stride_tricks.as_strided`` as an alternative.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
